the definitive 50 with your host news
the famous Harvest Moon franchise began
on the Super Nintendo the first entry in
the series simply called Harvest Moon
was released in North America in June of
it takes 30 third place on the list of
definitive 50 SNES games Harvest Moon is
a farming simulation and role-playing
game perhaps most closely compared with
Animal Crossing in this title you take
on the role of a young boy who has just
been given a farm of his own it's up to
you to grow crops raise livestock make
as much money as possible get married
and have children all over the course of
two and a half years intimidated yet
Harvest Moon is all about maximizing the
brief day/night cycles your character
lives through to get farm chores done
efficiently while still finding time to
chat with the game's many non playable
characters after all you are expected to
find someone to marry for new players
I recommend beginning Harvest Moon by
viewing the how to play video available
from the menu screen although Harvest
Moon may quickly grow to feel simple and
repetitive it does not begin with much
instruction on what the player is
expected or even capable of doing this
is a simulation game after all and the
possibilities are remarkably open in
short you must take command of your new
piece of land by clearing grasp chopping
up trees stone
smashing rocks and rearranging fences
after this is done one must be tilled
seeded and watered where to go from
there can be picked up by chatting with
town residents and through
experimentation but if you really want
to excel at Harvest Moon a walk through
almost certainly be necessary Harvest
Moon may not be the flashiest game there
is little in the way of action and a
clear absence of explosions that doesn't
mean it can't be an exciting game with
the right mindset the open nature of
developing your own farm as you see fit
exploring the game's possibilities and
appreciating the addictive quality of
maintaining an efficient farm combined
to form a truly satisfying title check
back next week for entry 32 on the
definitive 50 SNES games